---
layout: post
title: "Paris"
date: 2018-06-02
excerpt: "Bonjour Paris"
tags: [thoughts, travel]
---

{% include image name="montmartre.jpg" width="400px" %}

Did you miss me? Year 2017 passed so fast and now it is already June, 2018.
I don't know what made me busy but I really did not have much time to update this.

Well, our family went to Paris !

The picture above is taken from Montmartre hill. 
We had to climb up the hill for about an hour on drizzling day. 
It was very peaceful and calm. 
We also got the portrait of our daughter drawn by one of artists nearby.
I believe this was 3rd day, or maybe 4th day.

{% include image name="eiffel.jpg" width="400px" %}
  
When you think about France, you think about Eiffel tower. 
My daughter was having the most expensive slush from the store inside of tower. 
We could see the 360-view from the tower and the city was so beautiful.
Because we were celebrating my wife's birthday, we came back to this place 3 more times.
Yes, 3 more times!
     
Traveling European countries / cities are not relaxing because you need to keep doing something.
I'm a lazy traveler who wants to just lay down on the beach. 
Still, 1-week trip to Paris was fun and we really enjoyed.

Lastly, it is worth to remind that France was not solely built on the shy smile of Mona Lisa. 
There were lavish life style of Louis XIV and thousands of voices during French Revolution:   

> It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, . . . 
it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair, 
we had everything before us, we had nothing before us.
>
> -- <cite>A Tale of Two Cities, Charles Dickens</cite> 
  
Ciao,

/3 ...
